Update for `BackgroundFetchRegistration` (#32299)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/backgroundfetchregistration/index.md

- {{domxref("BackgroundFetchRegistration.downloaded")}} {{ReadOnlyInline}} {{Experimental_Inline}}
  - : A {{jsxref("number")}} containing the size in bytes that has been downloaded, initially `0`.
- {{domxref("BackgroundFetchRegistration.result")}} {{ReadOnlyInline}} {{Experimental_Inline}}

>   - : A {{jsxref("string")}} indicating whether the background fetch was successful or failed.

Reviewer: Are we leaving out some useful information by omitting `"success"` and `"failure"` results

>   - : A {{jsxref("string")}} indicating whether the background fetch was successful or failed.

Author: ```suggestion
  - : Returns an empty string initially, on completion either the string `"success"` or `"failure"`.
```

- {{domxref("BackgroundFetchRegistration.result")}} {{ReadOnlyInline}} {{Experimental_Inline}}
  - : Returns an empty string initially, on completion either the string `"success"` or `"failure"`.
- {{domxref("BackgroundFetchRegistration.failureReason")}} {{ReadOnlyInline}} {{Experimental_Inline}}

>   - : A {{jsxref("string")}} with a value that indicates a reason for a background fetch failure.

Reviewer: Sorry, a similar comment as before about leaving out return info, or is this described elsewhere that we can link to instead? Otherwise this PR is looking good, ty!

>   - : A {{jsxref("string")}} with a value that indicates a reason for a background fetch failure.

Author: ```suggestion
  - : A string with a value that indicates a reason for a background fetch failure. Can be one of the following values: `""`, `"aborted"`, `"bad-status"`, `"fetch-error"`, `"quota-exceeded"`, `"download-total-exceeded"`.
```
